Nicholas Roussos: Sidd, I had a question.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, good, I think audio.
Kostadis Roussos: Hello!
Dimos: Hey, what's up?
Kostadis Roussos: Hello, how are you? How's everybody? California?
Kostadis Roussos: cima.
Kostadis Roussos: How are you, Nick?
Nicholas Roussos: Good.
Kostadis Roussos: Good.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, let me just… Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Great. Okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Let me, remind folks what happened last time.
Dimos: I don't really remember.
Kostadis Roussos: Where we land, right?
Dimos: I don't really remember what it was. Yeah, that's cool.
Kostadis Roussos: No, but I have… I've now created summaries.
Dimos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Exhausted and beaten from their harrowing journey through the underdark, the party stumbled upon a defensible cave with a single entrance. Braum Grimm suggested they rest here, although his companions were skeptical given his previous questionable decisions while under the influence of madness. Despite their paranoia about potential attacks, they set up improvised alarm traps with string and metal at the entrance and positioned themselves strategically throughout the cave.
Kostadis Roussos: For an uneventful… eight uneventful hours of rest, Braum Grimm smugly reminded them that not everything in the dunder dark was up to get them.
Kostadis Roussos: Their respite was short-lived. As they prepared to continue their journey, a ragged scream suddenly choked off, echoed from the tunnels ahead. Moving cautiously through the howling winds, they discovered two filthy, traumatized commoners, a woman named Tegan, protectively standing over a man named Dristan, who sat rocking and clutching his knees. Both bore…
Kostadis Roussos: Visible lash marks and torn clothing, and dried pool… blood pooled near Dristan from wounds in his ears.
Kostadis Roussos: Tegan initially accused the party of working with their captain, Madame Ilos, but before Bromgen could offer healing, two ugly Balgura demons burst from behind, howling about recapturing the pets. The battle was swift and decisive.
Kostadis Roussos: The demons attacked with tormenting bites and thrashing claws, but the party's coordinated assault quickly overwhelmed them. Spectral Guardians swirled around Bromgrim as he channeled radiant energy, while Akrita's arrows found their marks with deadly precision. Despite one demon's attempt to torment Diane with horrifying psychic visions, the party cut through their foes, watching as the demons dissolved into dust and auker upon defeat.
Kostadis Roussos: With the immediate threat eliminated, Tegan broke down and revealed their terrible story. She and Dristan had been enslaved by Madame Ilvos for five years after being captured by orcs and sold into the Underdark. They had escaped only a day ago while being led out to feed on mushrooms, choosing to brave the maddening winds rather than endure further torment. Tegan confirmed that a drow had indeed been brought to Marim's place.
Kostadis Roussos: did not know his exact location. She warned them about Gaborforth, a deceptively polite deep gnome who guarded the place.
Kostadis Roussos: the palace, and described the horrors that had broken Tristan's mind so completely that he had driven a sharpened stick into both his ears to escape the torment.
Kostadis Roussos: The party's efforts were rewarded with newfound strength and abilities as they prepared for their final confrontation. They discussed their approach carefully, deciding to save their most powerful revelatory magic for when they faced Marim directly.
Kostadis Roussos: After another day's travel, they emerge from the tunnel into a vast cavern dominated by an impressive structure of black and red marble, its domes lit eerie blue-green and purple flary fire.
Kostadis Roussos: As the ornate brass doors carved with images of a half-elf's rise to power, they were met by Gaborforth and his shield guardian. The deep gnome demanded to know their business, but the party confidently stated they wished to speak with his master. Inside the place, the palace was filled with expensive incense and perfume, its halls lined with tapestries depicting wealth and power, phases of exotic flowers, and a glass containing
Kostadis Roussos: containers holding unusual creatures. They were led to a grand chamber, where a wreckishly handsome half-elf sat behind a desk of unusual purple wood.
Kostadis Roussos: The moment Brahm Grimm invoked his sight beyond sight, the illusion sigh shattered. The charming half-elf was revealed as a 7-foot-tall Eugolof, a demon of contract and deals, with demonic jaws and clouds. Maram Il-Boss spoke casually of the endless blood war and immediately demonstrated his knowledge by identifying Felcor.
Kostadis Roussos: on the troubles with those who believed he had stolen from them. When asked about the drow, Marim confirmed he held a prisoner, Xavin Tanorthis, acquired from the fire giants and treated with what he called hospitality. The negotiation began in earnest, though Marim's opening offer was shocking.
Kostadis Roussos: He would train Zaventanorthus for Falcor himself, citing the profitable exchange he would make with those hunting the party member. When the party vehemently refused, he suggested Braumgrim instead, but they pushed back, calling the trade unfair. Marim then revealed his true price, 10,000 gold pieces, or 2 rare magical items.
Kostadis Roussos: The party requested time to deliberate privately, and after careful negotiation over the terms of the contracts, ensuring their privacy, Myron reluctantly agreed to let them use the side office. As they prepared to enter, two more Germans emerged from the back room, a reminder that they were deep in the devil's den, surrounded by forces beyond their immediate perception.
Kostadis Roussos: So… You guys remember what's going on?
Dimos: Yeah, okay.
Dimos: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: We were about to create…
Dimos: Yeah, we're about to…
Dimos: not a scam, but to kind of get a nice way of getting free and getting the drow out of the… drow? Was it drow?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: There we go.
Dimos: So, we were about to use Felcor's ability to.
Nicholas Roussos: Make Jew…
Dimos: In teaching yet, too.
Dimos: Create two rare items.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so yeah, so what you did was you were gonna go into the back room, and in the back room, you were gonna make a fake magical item.
Kostadis Roussos: Rather, real magical items that just hadn't…
Dimos: It's real.
Nicholas Roussos: It's real for 8 hours.
Dimos: Yo.
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly.
Dimos: So, per our contract, we are okay.
Dimos: In our terms.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, right, right, right, right. I mean, and it's always the case that demons and devils never, never seek revenge when they've been fooled.
Nicholas Roussos: Absolutely, yeah.
Dimos: He signed the contract, exactly what he… She wanted.
Dimos: We were very close.
Kostadis Roussos: I shouldn't say he didn't… I didn't… I didn't… hold on, I didn't say you're wrong, I just simply said.
Dimos: If there is any problem, get a lawyer.
Dimos: We do.
Kostadis Roussos: That's what he calls the demon horde.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? What are lawyers? Alright, let me go into Rule 20.
Dimos: But yeah, we made our contract airtight in our end. It was his problem, but he didn't do the same.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, God. So, it has this new ability, the thing that generates the summaries has this new ability to check out… to collect, quote, creates a summary from the text. I have to go and edit it afterwards, right? But it has… but it also now tries to pick out funny things from the transcript, right?
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: And so it picked out something I made fun of you about. Yeah, you did that first degree. Mr. Polos's son got the second degree already. You have only one degree. Only one degree.
Dimos: Okay, so AI has a sense of comedy.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I think that this is a new feature they added.
Kostadis Roussos: I think they're… I think they're training it, they're… they're…
Dimos: Yeah, but she could identify where it's a joke, or something like that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, no, I mean, no, no, I'll give you some of the other ones I identified, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Dramatic. Why would anything have happened? Why… this was a totally safe location. I don't understand why you people are always assuming that always something bad will happen. Bramgren.
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So, no, no, no!
Kostadis Roussos: No, it, it, it, it, it, I have to say, like, the, the…
Kostadis Roussos: Now that people have moved from Phase 0 of AI, which is just throw it and get results and say, oh, look how cool this is, but are now starting to use it properly, which is to create carefully crafted prompts with lots of prompt engineering, with carefully constructed deterministic workflows, the results I'm seeing are much better.
Dimos: Okay, great.
Nicholas Roussos: How can I tell what.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, like, the…
Nicholas Roussos: event.
Kostadis Roussos: It doesn't know what happened. So, Susan and I chatted about this, and I see it at work.
Nicholas Roussos: The first phase… so if you think about a computer program, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Right? There's functions and a workflow, right? A workflow is the sequence of functions you call.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Yeah. And a function does one thing, okay? Just bear with me for this, for a moment.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And so, in phase zero of LLMs, people thought they could implement the workflow and the function that called the LLM entirely with a single prompt.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Then they thought, oh, we could create prompts for the functions and prompts for the workflows.
Kostadis Roussos: Now they realized that you can use prompts for functions, but for workflows, you really need to write code.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And so, what you do is you create really optimized functions, which essentially are a prompt that produces an LLM output that kind of matches what you're kind of looking, and then the workflow interprets it deterministically.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: But the idea of using the ALM to determine the sequence of functions to be called has turned out to be a disaster.
Dimos: So, so with that… Interesting.
Kostadis Roussos: If you look at, for example, if you look… if you look at things like Gemini, so just to give you guys a concrete example, I mean, we'll get back to playing D&D in two seconds, Gemini 3.0, right, is better not because its LLM is better.
Kostadis Roussos: But because they built a much better reasoning engine that is able to construct workflows from your queries.
Kostadis Roussos: And the reason they were able to do that
Kostadis Roussos: So, it's not that the LLM is better, it's that the workflow that takes your sentence and breaks it up into pieces is much better, and the reason it's much better is because they have staggering amounts of data to work with.
Kostadis Roussos: So they essentially built a highly trained workflow engine.
Dimos: Okay, that's interesting.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And so, this is where I, you know, again, the problem is that the workflow, you know, just not to go all computer science, but since we did the lesson for Nick yesterday, the problem with the workflow engine is it needs a stack.
Dimos: Private King.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And LLM doesn't have a stack, it's an FSA.
Kostadis Roussos: It needs to remember, oh, I saw this, so I need to call this function. LLMs don't have memory.
Dimos: Right.
Dimos: But wait, so what are the reasoning? Is it, like, a knowledge graph? How do they determine that?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I mean, it's a… reasoning is a fancy word for taking a sentence, parsing it out into constituent components, picking functions to call.
Dimos: Yeah, but how it was… is handled? Are we generating knowledge graphs? How do they do that?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, no, I mean, they're… how they're doing it is a proprietary secret, right?
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? I'm just saying that what they've done is they have… the real innovation
Kostadis Roussos: And Gemini, it's not on the.
Dimos: LLM side, but it was another reasoning side, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And the reasoning is just a fancy way for saying constructing better workflows.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And it's not reasoning, it's essentially doing the same kind of thing Google did with search. Like, when you type search in Google, right.
Kostadis Roussos: It uses all of the other information it has about you to get you a much more relevant result than you would do. If you want to compare the search results, just to see the difference, log into a browser in private mode.
Nicholas Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: over a VPN,
Kostadis Roussos: And type a search, and then log into it with yourself, and type a search, and you'll see completely different results.
Dimos: Yeah, I believe that's so, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, lady.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Recruiting computer as companion.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, I need to do… so anyway, that is… that is Costatus' computer science lesson for the day.
Nicholas Roussos: I forget to do that, but no, I do not.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I did, didn't I?
Kostadis Roussos: That was stupid.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see what I can do… Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: Good night.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, people.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. So, you have lo- you, you, created your magical items.
Kostadis Roussos: He attempted to, use privacy.
Kostadis Roussos: You, you, you read through the contract.
Kostadis Roussos: And, you open… so could you tell me which kind of magic items you've created?
Dimos: Does it really matter?
Nicholas Roussos: I can make… I can make armor.
Kostadis Roussos: Whatever you want, I'm just saying, just tell me what it is, because it's going to change the role playing.
Nicholas Roussos: I'll just make two armor sets.
Kostadis Roussos: Two armor sets?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, so Marin Il… so the magic, you know, the sets appear, and you walk out into the, into the office of Marin Ilvass.
Kostadis Roussos: Who, now, who… to everybody but, bromgrim looks like an elf.
Kostadis Roussos: But to Braum Grimm, his appearance as a Ugolov is unmistakable.
Kostadis Roussos: Because he's cast the, pre-C. So, he looks at, Maram Ilbos looks at you, and says in, in a silky voice, no, you've created magical items! You have brought me some armor! Excellent, excellent, excellent!
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses.
Kostadis Roussos: So tell me, where did you find these items?
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, so I've actually… There's a couple of bandit camps we came along a while ago that…
Nicholas Roussos: Honest, that… one of… that's what had, the first set, the second set came from a castle that we raided a couple weeks back. Also had some armor,
Nicholas Roussos: Did I… It actually had a couple… couple, dinos wearing…
Nicholas Roussos: A set. We just took this other one because, you know, it might always… it's always useful to have a backup armor set.
Kostadis Roussos: True! Excellent. And tell me, Falcur, how… is there anything distinguishing? Was there any combat damage? Was there any, like, bloodstains that you were missing?
Nicholas Roussos: No, honestly.
Kostadis Roussos: The corpus is…
Nicholas Roussos: I… I mean, I don't know… when we got it, it… there didn't seem to be, damage. I mean, it was sort of, like, hanging up on a wall on, like, an armor stand. It really wasn't, like…
Nicholas Roussos: we didn't take it off of Felen's dead body. The one we got from the bandits,
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses, he goes, when you queried the bandits, did they reveal any sorted details, any bit of lore that might make the item more valuable?
Nicholas Roussos: Killed him too fast.
Dimos: Business of say there's 30…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, he pauses and goes,
Kostadis Roussos: And this, this, he looks at the other set and goes, hmm, this other set. I, I heard rumors that, Grazitz Chosen was, killed.
Kostadis Roussos: in Hillsboro.
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: Malcolm Grenenfeld.
Dimos: We know what you're talking about.
Kostadis Roussos: What about it?
Kostadis Roussos: But was this taken from Hills Farm?
Dimos: Would there be a problem if it was?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no, I want to know, because it might… if it was, it's even more valuable, because it reflects the failure of grasp, and it's anything that reflects his failure, increases in value for his enemies.
Dimos: Then we can maybe say it was taken from a castle, from Hillspire, and let you understand whatever you want about it.
Nicholas Roussos: No, it was… that… it was from… not… Yeah, yeah.
Dimos: And just to say that…
Kostadis Roussos: goes, oh, I love it, I love it! She goes, I love it. Now, you have to understand, like, for the rest of you, this looks like this brow elf who's, like, very chic, but for Broggrim, this is, like, this creature that's 7 feet tall with jaws and goes, yes!
Kostadis Roussos: But everybody hears his, like, voice, yes, how excellent! Oh, this is so good!
Kostadis Roussos: Very well.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a deception check with advantage, and give yourselves a plus 4.
Nicholas Roussos: Advantage and plus… okay. Who has the best deception?
Dimos: You have pretty good, actually, I don't…
Nicholas Roussos: I have plus zero.
Dimos: perception?
Nicholas Roussos: Preferred a deception.
Kostadis Roussos: Deception? Deception, that's what I meant, sorry, deception.
Dimos: Oh, deception, not perception, sorry. Plus…
Kostadis Roussos: The wrong thing, that was my fault.
Dimos: Well, Diane has a plus 4.
Dimos: And I think that's the best one.
Dimos: So, plus 4 with advancements, right?
Nicholas Roussos: It, no, you get a bonus, it's plus 4 with another plus 4.
Dimos: Yeah, I know, I mean, I roll with Advantage plus plus 4.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: No, plus 8, if you already have plus 4. I gave you plus 4 in addition to whatever bills.
Dimos: Not 20, it doesn't matter, not 20.
Kostadis Roussos: Talk about coming in the clutch.
Dimos: That's a natural trend, it's just saying.
Nicholas Roussos: Dang.
Kostadis Roussos: Oi?
Nicholas Roussos: Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: So we convinced him?
Kostadis Roussos: Why was I so dumb?
Kostadis Roussos: That was, isn't it?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, I wasn't so dumb. Hold on. I'm sorry, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, don't that dumb.
Nicholas Roussos: Nick, you want a hum of bread? No, I'm okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Dimos: I mean, once upon a time, I just rolled a natural turkey.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, that was a… that was a clutch rule, man.
Kostadis Roussos: Ben.
Dimos: Hugo, what did you see?
Dimos: What was the deceit?
Kostadis Roussos: It was high.
Dimos: What?
Nicholas Roussos: How high?
Kostadis Roussos: It was high.
Kostadis Roussos: I put it at around 18.
Kostadis Roussos: 18.
Dimos: And you give plus 4, so I would have plus 8, I mean?
Kostadis Roussos: Because you guys came up with a good role-playing. I reward good role-playing.
Dimos: I'm not saying no, but with that, it was just 50-50 if I would be able to succeed.
Dimos: And because you gave the advance, it's even more, so…
Kostadis Roussos: The original one was with no advantage.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: But, like, you guys did a really good job roleplaying, so I figured, you know…
Nicholas Roussos: I thought it was well done. All right.
Nicholas Roussos: He goes, yes, yes, he goes…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he goes, he goes, ahhh
Kostadis Roussos: Here! He hands you a key. He's downstairs in the Hanging Gardens. Go get him.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright.
Dimos: that on us, or his subordinates?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I'm not gonna go get him, you go get him!
Dimos: You don't have colleagues or someone else? Should we go down?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes! You should go down!
Dimos: I mean… We could go down.
Dimos: Can you show us the way?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, he, he goes, let's just go, let me choose in.
Kostadis Roussos: Bing.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, Maram Elvas, points you to the, the door. Here, you should see it. It says…
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, you should be able to see it now.
Kostadis Roussos: And he said.
Dimos: We'll see the door.
Kostadis Roussos: He then says, he goes, you know, if you don't want to go, it's not my problem.
Dimos: Okay, well, we're going down. We are going down, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, and with that, he picks up the chest and he moves out of the room.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, this door to this room… okay, if you open the door, With a… with a key.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, actually, he doesn't… actually, he goes, but because I… I'm a big… actually, he… I'm sorry, I should have done it. He… before he leaves, he unlocks the door.
Kostadis Roussos: With the key, and walks out.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, do you go through the door?
Dimos: That's the key still on the door?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, the key is still on the door.
Dimos: Today, we're taking the key.
Kostadis Roussos: You're taking the key?
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Inside the room is a series of shelves with what appears to be empty bottles.
Kostadis Roussos: Biles and casks, as well as boxes, crates, and barrels, all of which are similarly empty. And there are stairs going down.
Dimos: Okay.
Dimos: So I guess we have to go downstairs.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep. Alright, you're going downstairs, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, unfortunately, I need to get a map.
Kostadis Roussos: I want to apologize.
Kostadis Roussos: I should've… I should've, prepared… what?
Dimos: Okay, take your time, don't you worry.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Why the hell does technology suck?
Kostadis Roussos: Can somebody tell me that?
Dimos: Because human built it?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's because it's… You know why? It's because people hate me. Just admit it.
Kostadis Roussos: So, how was, how was Christmas?
Dimos: It was okay, was quiet, and now we are, today we just came to prespez.
Dimos: We went to.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Dimos: Brespass, North Greece, to you.
Dimos: the Presby Lakes.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh!
Kostadis Roussos: Who, who did you go with?
Dimos: My mother, my father.
Kostadis Roussos: Your brother is in the Army, right?
Dimos: Yeah, Vasilis went to the Armen Sunday, So, he couldn't come.
Dimos: You had to get by.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know, he was telling me, he had to serve in a kind of Fader alikitu.
Dimos: Yeah, then probably I will go at May.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no! So we won't see you this summer? Neither of you guys?
Dimos: I will go on May or July, but I probably will go to May, but yeah.
Nicholas Roussos: From me.
Kostadis Roussos: Aww…
Dimos: You never know, but Vasilis may have time to calm down for a few days.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, it is what it is.
Kostadis Roussos: Buh.
Kostadis Roussos: So how long is your military service?
Dimos: I'm thinking of going to Lesbar, so maybe 9 months.
Dimos: So, if I join in May, I will finish on February.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, excellent, excellent.
Kostadis Roussos: Not a big deal. So I think we have a better plan. We'll go to Lesbos.
Dimos: Yeah, you could call, well, I don't know if at the summer we'll be at Lesbos, because I have to do the…
Dimos: the Vasitech, the basic training, so… And that will take…
Dimos: 2 to 3 months, so I may lose all my summer on basic training.
Kostadis Roussos: oats.
Kostadis Roussos: What have you signed up for?
Dimos: From 2026, everyone goes to,
Nicholas Roussos: the basic army, not on…
Dimos: Not on Air Force or the Navy, just the basic.
Dimos: Land.
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody goes into infantry?
Dimos: What, sorry?
Kostadis Roussos: And, where'd you go?
Dimos: Physical.
Dimos: From 2026, everyone goes to Pesico.
Kostadis Roussos: Good.
Kostadis Roussos: As it should be.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Dimos: Well, I didn't have a chance, even if that load didn't exist, I would still go to…
Dimos: They're busy coastal.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Hey, sorry about that.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I think I got this done.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The staircase descends below the palace, turning
Kostadis Roussos: Frocky in a cavern fur… frocky and uneven the further down you go. The walls give way to a huge cavern lit by patches of luminescent fungus clinging to the ceiling, bathing the cave in eerie, pale illumination that resembles moonlight.
Kostadis Roussos: From floor to ceiling, the area is about 100 feet tall, and you see a large, heavy chain running that length. Cages hang from the chain, most occupied by a single occupant, and an unusual buzzing sound echoes throughout the area.
Dimos: McCabe.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, here we go.
Nicholas Roussos: Hold on, let me just.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, let me just move you guys to here.
Dimos: D?
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Dimos: So, we have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 cases.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: And are they empty, or are they all full?
Kostadis Roussos: They're all full.
Dimos: What kind of creatures are they inside, or we don't know?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, hold on, let me just make sure…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's what I wanted to make sure. Alright, so, all of a sudden, you hear three creatures screaming, going and running down…
Kostadis Roussos: the hallway.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you should see… do you see them running this way?
Dimos: We came from here, or from here?
Kostadis Roussos: You guys came from here, sorry. You guys came from, here?
Dimos: Alright, don't see your ping.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you see this line, this green arrow I just drew?
Dimos: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I came from here.
Kostadis Roussos: And then you see… and the three creatures, run down this way.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll an Arcana check.
Dimos: Everyone? Or just… Whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: Anyone, yes, everyone rolling Arcana check.
Nicholas Roussos: 15…
Dimos: 17 Diane.
Dimos: 9 agreements.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Accritas.
Dimos: Characters with a 9 on 19.
Nicholas Roussos: Prior is dying with 17.
Kostadis Roussos: Mute.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: 2…
Kostadis Roussos: Two chasma demons appear. The buzzing sound turns out to be these two demons that have bugs on them.
Dimos: That looks like bugs.
Nicholas Roussos: You immediately recognize them as.
Kostadis Roussos: Chasma demons.
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: I'll delete this.
Dimos: Let me ask… Can't we just use pass without trace?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Dimos: I'm thinking of using just pass without trace.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but unfortunately, you did not use it on the way down.
Dimos: Oh, come on…
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, what, did you really think he was going to make it that easy?
Nicholas Roussos: No…
Dimos: I mean, why do you know?
Nicholas Roussos: We should have negotiated.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean.
Nicholas Roussos: Contract a bit more.
Dimos: Yeah, apparently, sir.
Kostadis Roussos: He fulfilled his terms of the contract!
Dimos: We really didn't specify how he was gonna bring.
Kostadis Roussos: No, what you forgot to specify is that he had headed possession to the prisoner, to somebody else, so you negotiated his part of the deal, but not the other part of the deal.
Dimos: Alright, rookie mistakes, rookie mistakes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, rookie mistakes. Rookie mistakes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, let me get the,
Kostadis Roussos: Let me show you.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, this is the wrong initiative tracker.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, roll your initiatives, guys.
Nicholas Roussos: Initiative, yep, got it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: 9…
Kostadis Roussos: The people who see you there.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, just, could people just update the initiative tracker?
Dimos: I will do it, don't you worry.
Nicholas Roussos: View more 9.
Dimos: Yeah, I saved.
Dimos: What were you saying, possibly?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll an Arcana check.
Dimos: Again?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, I want to see whether one of you recognizes anything about these demons.
Nicholas Roussos: I rolled the 10.
Dimos: Diane with 21.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you rolled a 21? Okay, you know, one of the things…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you've noticed that it has… you remember that it has magic resistance.
Kostadis Roussos: It can climb difficult surfaces.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me give you one more second.
Dimos: You said he has magic resistance?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Dimos: You said he has magic resistance.
Dimos: He resi- he received magical attacks.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, safety.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so first of all, he goes, you recognize the, plug your ears or smack your fin, Ken. He said, you remember that… the droning sound, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Can actually cause harm, so you need to plug your ears.
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: It causes… it has… it causes necrotic damage.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: It laughs at fire, cold, and lightning.
Kostadis Roussos: So you need magic, it's resistance to fire, cold, and lightning.
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: And it has advantage on all saving throws against Magic.
Dimos: Okay, so, spiritual, so, how it's called?
Dimos: So, speed.
Kostadis Roussos: A virtual weapon is a magical weapon.
Dimos: No, no, speed.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, it is.
Dimos: not useful.
Kostadis Roussos: It is, they just have advantage… they take less damage.
Dimos: From Spirit Guardian or spiritual weapon?
Kostadis Roussos: Both. I mean, so they're not immune, they have resistance.
Dimos: Yeah, that's… that's… Not ideal.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: Hold on…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, who starts?
Dimos: I think, brown-green.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So in April, really kind of initiative roles.
Dimos: Oh…
Dimos: And no, that's… that's a nice purple… that's a nice talent.
Dimos: Because… How much HP they have? They have a lot of HP, right? 20… oh, 80… 84.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Dimos: 84… Right. And you said they have resistance or immunity to electric, fire, and cold animals? Lightning.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, they have magical resistance to those things. They don't have any immunities. They have immunity to poison.
Dimos: So wait, if a magical… and generally magical attacks, they have resistance?
Kostadis Roussos: No, they don't have resistance to magical attacks.
Dimos: Or just lightning?
Kostadis Roussos: Resistance to non-magical attacks.
Dimos: Non-magical. So Spirit Guardian is fine.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, the spirit… sorry, yeah, so spirit… if they cause… they don't have resistance to radiant damage, right?
Dimos: Yeah, so they will take the full damage.
Kostadis Roussos: No, but they do get a boat, they have advantage on saving throws.
Dimos: Drew…
Dimos: And they're demons, but they're bug demons, so wisdom may be not their strength, maybe not one of their strengths.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, you do know one thing about them. This is when you remember another important detail about them.
Kostadis Roussos: You know that the demons serve a specific hierarchy in the Abyss. They are taskmaskers and interrogators, and they were created to punish other demons who desert the blood war. This means they are intelligent, cruel, and enjoy pain. They aren't mindless beasts.
Dimos: Okay, they may be intelligent, but they may not be having wisdom.
Dimos: I know that that doesn't shock.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, well, that's your call, I gave you the information.
Dimos: Okay, let's see. So, what I'm thinking of doing… So…
Dimos: Told that that is a good attack.
Dimos: So, I…
Kostadis Roussos: They also fly, just to keep that… just to keep that in mind, they also fly.
Dimos: How much above the ground?
Kostadis Roussos: The room's 100 feet tall.
Dimos: How many stairs did we get to go down?
Kostadis Roussos: a lot.
Dimos: Okay, so how far up there they are?
Kostadis Roussos: Let's say 50 feet.
Dimos: 50 feet, so the outbear is useless.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, because remember, to attack, they have to lack… they have to attack at you.
Dimos: Do you want to prepare your actions.
Dimos: Okay, so we have to… so Diane and Olbert will prepare actions.
Dimos: Spirit Garden is 15 feet.
Dimos: So that's not so good. So, okay, so remind me, can I cast a Country and a spell?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: Okay, so… Brown-grim will cast… Well, first of all, because…
Nicholas Roussos: Perth and get out.
Dimos: Of course, we don't know what the person needs.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: You could start screaming for him.
Dimos: That's an idea, but I think Brown-Green will be the heavy attacker here, for now.
Dimos: So, Bramgen will move… Oh, that's a nice feature. Here.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you saw the, it shows you how much distance it moved feature, right?
Dimos: Yeah, that's a nice one.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Dimos: And he will cast, talva dead, too.
Dimos: Oh, come on, totally lose wisdom?
Dimos: That's fine. Totally dead to number 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos: So, you'd have to do…
Kostadis Roussos: I rolled a 17.
Dimos: So, have Damad?
Kostadis Roussos: No, cantrips are… all are suck.
Dimos: Ugh, come on.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: That's what, that's, that's, it's all.
Dimos: Okay, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: The timing tells… the timing best… What?
Dimos: I see you, I see what's happening here, okay, and he will cast,
Dimos: how it's called, Spiritual Weapon as a bonus action.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, where is he positioning it?
Dimos: There, how far can he… let's see…
Kostadis Roussos: He can put it 60 feet, but he can only move 20 feet per round, that's the only downside.
Dimos: And she cannot attack it in this round, right?
Nicholas Roussos: What kind of see.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you can attack this round.
Dimos: So, yeah, so he can put it next to the creatures, because they're 50 feet, and brown-green is around, like, okay, so he can put it here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos: And then next to the number 2 and a pop-up.
Dimos: So he cast it at 4 level, if I have marked correctly, yes.
Dimos: So… how much heat, what are the AC?
Kostadis Roussos: It should be in the spreadsheet.
Dimos: Yeah, okay, 21, I believe, so I believe that fits, so 21, the… and the damage is gonna be 9.
Dimos: So let's update that. Number 2 minus 9.
Kostadis Roussos: 9? How did you get 9 points on him? Oh my god, you rolled badly.
Dimos: Yeah, I read really, really badly.
Dimos: I don't…
Kostadis Roussos: 3 plus 3, wow, that's bad.
Dimos: Yeah, oh, plus one, plus three, yeah.
Nicholas Roussos: Diane…
Dimos: will move… Here, prepare an action to attack, and sout for the drought that we are looking for.
Kostadis Roussos: Stub for the drought. Alright.
Dimos: And prepare an action… an action to attack.
Dimos: With his longsword.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he's, he's in a… he's at 100 feet up in the air.
Dimos: Oh, the cases are not on the ground!
Kostadis Roussos: No, they're 100 feet up in the air.
Dimos: Come on.
Dimos: Okay, so what are they hanging with?
Kostadis Roussos: With a train.
Dimos: chain.
Nicholas Roussos: What?
Dimos: Okay, so can Akrita's bowl break the thing?
Kostadis Roussos: Ac19.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, mind you, there's only one comment here I will give, is that when you break the chain, it will fall down and cause 60-10 points of damage.
Dimos: ND6 worth of damage, sorry. I know that I'm trying to find a way to not have that problem.
Dimos: But that's an idea for now.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos: So, okay, yeah, then prepares an attack, so I think it's Felker, it's your turn.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay.
Dimos: They have resistance to fire.
Dimos: Downloads.
Nicholas Roussos: And up.
Nicholas Roussos: It did not load my character sheet.
Nicholas Roussos: No, I thought of that.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: Sorry,
Nicholas Roussos: I might just… Catapult?
Nicholas Roussos: Or something?
Nicholas Roussos: We have a vegetable option.
Nicholas Roussos: If my character sheet will load.
Kostadis Roussos: Although the damage you're causing is less, you can still use the damage. I mean, it's less efficient, but the firebolts are still effective.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, no, I know, I know, I'm just… wait, my character sheet does not want to load at all.
Nicholas Roussos: I accidentally refreshed it, and it stopped.
Nicholas Roussos: Sorry, I'm trying to get it to load.
Nicholas Roussos: I accidentally refreshed the page, though, now the internet.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright, there we go.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, sure, it's just fireball.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, it's 3D10 now.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Nicholas Roussos: The 16 hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Dimos: Oh, nope.
Nicholas Roussos: 9 points of damage to it.
Dimos: Do both.
Kostadis Roussos: To whom?
Dimos: Or not?
Nicholas Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, but he's doing half damage, because it's a fire… it's a fire damage. So which one did you attack?
Nicholas Roussos: number 1.
Dimos: Okay, so 10 points of damage, right?
Kostadis Roussos: No, 9. 19 divided by 2 is the floor, not the ceiling.
Dimos: Oh, we're going with a floor. Come on.
Kostadis Roussos: We've always been going with the floor.
Kostadis Roussos: We've been going through the floor since first edition.
Dimos: I'm not saying no, but…
Dimos: Anyways… Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: We were going through the floor before your parents even started dating.
Dimos: Oh, that's… Technically, yes.
Dimos: But who keeps tracks, right? Who keeps tracks?
Kostadis Roussos: Me? Alright.
Dimos: Okay, the owlbear… We'll move here… And… Prepare an attack.
Dimos: Remind me something, multi-attack doesn't work on… Prepare action, right?
Kostadis Roussos: No, only an attack action does.
Dimos: Only what?
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just make sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, no, yeah, only an attack, only a single attack.
Dimos: Okay, so if our… Characters have, like, 2 attacks, only 1 attack, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just make an observation to you, because you guys would have the tactical awareness to know that.
Kostadis Roussos: If you're separated, they can pick you off one by one. If you're all clustered together, they're less likely to be able to pick you off one by one.
Dimos: I was thinking they may have, like, a source attack, and can attack multiple at once, okay.
Dimos: So… All verb moves there, then. Good to know.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, all of our moves there.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep. Okay.
Dimos: And prepares an attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Diana staying where he is? Is Diana staying where he is?
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Amen.
Kostadis Roussos: Shanks with you.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty. Well… They believe in… they believe… is that where you're standing?
Dimos: It will die in brown, green, and all bird next to each other. Akaritas and Felicor are next to each other, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so Bromgraim… the owlbear gets to make an attack.
Kostadis Roussos: As the… the bug flies towards Bramgram.
Dimos: Wait, it's not his turn yet.
Kostadis Roussos: Oops.
Dimos: No, it's a crituster.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, sorry, I could eat that, sorry, my bad.
Dimos: So, Cretace goes for number 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos: Oh… First attack misses, but yeah, I forgot to also cast Founders marked number 1.
Nicholas Roussos: So, that will be…
Dimos: X+, plus he will, favorite foes after you attack?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Dimos: So, okay, if attacks favorable, it will be awesome.
Dimos: Okay, so, yeah, number one goes to all the old bear, to a brown-green.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. So, the outbear can attack it.
Dimos: Okay, Albert wanna talk with the close plus 3 plus 1, okay.
Dimos: So, 19, so it's slashing 11 points of diamonds.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay… And…
Kostadis Roussos: It misses on Bromgrim. Sorry, sorry.
Dimos: Because, Olberg has plus 3 on attack, that's a 19, that's a critical, because of the Warrior.
Dimos: Over the heck?
Dimos: Pingy over there.
Dimos: sidekick. So.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, it's… no, no, no, no, it's still a natural, you have to roll a natural 19.
Dimos: Oh, it's, boo, okay, makes sense. Makes more sense, but we'll…
Kostadis Roussos: That's it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Otherwise, otherwise, There are some creatures that have plus 12 to hit.
Dimos: I mean, all bear has plus 10.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know, I'm just… Otherwise, like, every attack becomes a critical, right?
Dimos: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dimos: That would be.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and so the creature…
Kostadis Roussos: He, he fails, he fails to attack, and then flies off, and he is, let's say, 50 plus…
Kostadis Roussos: And he's at ground level, so the creature's at ground level. It's buzzing, but of course, since you've all plugged your ears at this point in time, it doesn't, it doesn't affect you. They curse and start swearing at you and saying horrible things.
Dimos: We cannot hear them.
Kostadis Roussos: Yikes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Go for it.
Dimos: It's number 2 stern.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, so it's my turn, right? It's my turn, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, this guy…
Nicholas Roussos: Let's see…
Kostadis Roussos: comes over here.
Kostadis Roussos: And the tax acritas.
Kostadis Roussos: and hits for… 16 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Plus 24, so 40 points of damage.
Dimos: What's the silly what?
Kostadis Roussos: Quite a bit of damage.
Dimos: Can you, can you write the number down so… maybe, sir?
Dimos: Because I thought you said 34 hit points.
Dimos: No, you said 40.
Dimos: Huh.
Dimos: It's not 34, you said, you said 40. Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: You might want to grab this guy and run.
Dimos: Okay, hmm.
Dimos: I think I have a plan. I think I have a plan.
Kostadis Roussos: Buried.
Kostadis Roussos: They're both at ground level. Alright, next round.
Dimos: Yeah, so, so Brown Group, it's, it's Brown, Brown Games 10.
Dimos: Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Spirit, Spirit Guardians might be something you want to do.
Dimos: Yeah, I think, spirit Guardian, I'm trying to think of what level I want the Spirit Guardian.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so just to be clear, the owlbear, just to be clear, the owlbear can use…
Kostadis Roussos: and try… break the chain, and Diane can let the guy down in one round.
Dimos: How is the Albert gonna… Go 100 feet in the air.
Kostadis Roussos: It could break the chain.
Kostadis Roussos: That's holding up… Well, because there's a chain. It's not… sorry, it's held from the ground up.
Kostadis Roussos: Fantastic.
Kostadis Roussos: Here, I'm gonna draw it, because obviously I'm not making any sense.
Dimos: So how it's holding up, if the chain is not.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm about to explain, I realized I did a very lousy job of explaining.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: This is the top of the cave, right?
Kostadis Roussos: There is a box.
Kostadis Roussos: And there is a chain like this.
Dimos: Where are you driving?
Kostadis Roussos: Did you see the drawing I just drew?
Dimos: Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay…
Dimos: So, they have a poly system, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, the pulley system.
Dimos: Okay, that makes lots more sense now.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, sorry.
Dimos: Technically, my idea was to… Just the Albert cuts the cakes.
Nicholas Roussos: But you're probably gonna ask me to…
Dimos: Do some athletics or acrobatics checks.
Dimos: Not that would be a big of a problem, but yeah. Let's see… So, it's Diane's turn
Dimos: It's Browngreen's turn.
Dimos: So yeah, Bramgun will go with Spade Guardian.
Dimos: But what kind of level do you?
Dimos: And that's just good.
Kostadis Roussos: I made a second drum.
Dimos: Haven't even rolled it.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, actually, no, it's not a spell, like, he made a… he made a saving through… yeah.
Dimos: For the wisdom, yeah.
Dimos: Okay, so… Let's see what that does.
Dimos: So, you did do that, so what that does mean? It means that you get half the damage.
Dimos: So, that's 7.
Kostadis Roussos: Guess what number…
Dimos: I believe that's number one, right?
Dimos: Yeah, that's number one.
Dimos: So that goes to 57, his speed is halved.
Dimos: And that's it, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos: So, can you repeat the plan? So, what happens? Who breaks the chain? Who cuts who?
Kostadis Roussos: Somebody can break the chain, right?
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: An owlbear's right next to it, so if somebody breaks the chain, the owlbear can hold onto the chain and lower him down and around.
Dimos: Okay, and brown-green will…
Nicholas Roussos: I cannot do what I was thinking.
Dimos: Anyways, so… yeah, he will move the spirit mutual weapon next to the chain.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright? The spiritual weapon can attack the chain.
Dimos: Well… Yes, but the Albert is not holding the chain.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm going to allow the owlbear to try to grab the chain.
Dimos: Okay, so if that's so…
Dimos: 19, that's a hit, so… does he have a lot of hit points, that same?
Kostadis Roussos: 10 headphones.
Dimos: Wow.
Dimos: Okay, so the chain is broken?
Dimos: And the Albert is… Holding it.
Dimos: So, in his turn, come… lowered down.
Nicholas Roussos: Yes, alright.
Dimos: It's now Diane's turn.
Dimos: Number one is on ground level. Is number 2 on ground level, or is it flying?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, they're both on the ground level.
Dimos: So, number 2 is on the way.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: So, Don will move here to attack number 2.
Dimos: First attack is a hit.
Dimos: And number 2 has decent abundance on his next attack.
Dimos: And that's a miss. He gets a total of 17 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to do another attack? Users to action surge?
Dimos: That's a good idea.
Dimos: So yeah, he will actually… so I get one attack, not two attacks, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, you've got a full attack. It's a full two attacks.
Dimos: Okay, so that's a total of.
Kostadis Roussos: Action Surge is a complete new action, so you can do whatever you can complete with an action.
Dimos: Okay, so 30 hit points, still.
Kostadis Roussos: 30 hit points? Did you miss both times?
Dimos: In both times, around the two.
Kostadis Roussos: Damn!
Dimos: So, yeah, action swords, where are you? Action swords, great. Well, Falcor, it's your turn.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay. Should I just attack number 1 again?
Dimos: Honesty.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, no.
Dimos: Okay, number two.
Nicholas Roussos: Number 2, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, because he's between you and the exit.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: Hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Nick, you're within 5 feet, so it's with disadvantage, so can you roll again?
Nicholas Roussos: Spell?
Kostadis Roussos: It's a ranged attack.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, okay.
Nicholas Roussos: still ha…
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: So, 8 points of damage.
Dimos: Yeah, 8 of points of diamonds, so…
Dimos: That would make it 37, so…
Dimos: It's Albert's turn that she will lower down Zahner.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: He doesn't have to… since the owlbear is so buff, he doesn't have to remove Xaner from the chain, he can carry him.
Dimos: Yeah, we'd… yeah, that's fine.
Dimos: what I'm trying to remember is, I think Akitas had, like.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, she's got the ability to move out of range without being attacked.
Dimos: Without being attacked, or the enemy has this abundance or not I can hear it.
Kostadis Roussos: The enemy already has this advantage.
Kostadis Roussos: Because of the SAP.
Dimos: Okay, so she can move without getting hit, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: Okay, great. So, C moves a bit back, and attacks number 2.
Dimos: That's a heat for… 16…
Dimos: Plus the favored foe, so plus 1 is 6, let's roll it.
Dimos: The little one, D6… So, that's 21 hit points.
Dimos: And second attack… Is a heat,
Dimos: Trying to remember if that's for every attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, favored foes for only one attack.
Dimos: Not for the favorite four, for the Colossus Slayer.
Kostadis Roussos: It's for every attack we established.
Dimos: No, the Colossus Slayer is per… one per… once per round.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Dimos: Is it Favorite Four, that's… Phoneways?
Kostadis Roussos: So, both Fabored Foe and… Yes, it's one per round, they're all one per round.
Dimos: Okay, so, okay, so that doesn't work, so that means, 7 plus 21, 8… 28.
Dimos: Okay.
Dimos: And I… It's numbers one's turn.
Kostadis Roussos: How much damage did you do?
Dimos: 28.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you subtract out? Okay, it's down to 8. All right.
Kostadis Roussos: Bum.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, the one, let's see, this number one turns to, what's his name?
Kostadis Roussos: Turns to, what's his name?
Kostadis Roussos: Bromgraham.
Dimos: 100?
Kostadis Roussos: And in a really weird voice, he… Ram hears in his head a buzzing, clicking, polyphonic sound of voices, right? Like, there's a buzzing sound underneath his voice, and it's clicking, so the words… the constants are clicking, and it's as if two voice… three or four voices are speaking at the same time.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes…
Kostadis Roussos: So much iron on the outside, but soft jelly on the inside. I will find the crack in your shell, little stone man.
Kostadis Roussos: And he attacks.
Kostadis Roussos: But there's probiscus again.
Kostadis Roussos: Between.
Kostadis Roussos: And, what's wrong with the thermor costs?
Dimos: 20.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: And he… the creature is annoyed.
Kostadis Roussos: and says, He says nothing. Alright, the other drone…
Kostadis Roussos: Looks at… who's his evil hood?
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at Diane's.
Kostadis Roussos: Rather, it looks at the critas.
Kostadis Roussos: I have played the minds of demons who define terror. You are merely a smack, and I will smack on you!
Kostadis Roussos: It moves over here.
Kostadis Roussos: There's a tax.
Kostadis Roussos: It's plus, plus 5… and hits.
Dimos: Or.
Kostadis Roussos: lot of damage.
Dimos: I don't like that number.
Kostadis Roussos: I wouldn't like it either. Alright!
Kostadis Roussos: So… 4D6, plus 2 of… piercing damage.
Dimos: Did you say 46 plus 2? Oh, for D6! Okay, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: You shouldn't see it, I wrote it… I'm writing it on the line, so you can see it as I roll it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And then, because the audio isn't as good as usual.
Kostadis Roussos: Because I don't have my fancy mic.
Nicholas Roussos: And this.
Kostadis Roussos: This is necrotic damage.
Kostadis Roussos: 24 necrotic damage.
Dimos: 39. Okay, I can't deal with 39 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: All right. Is Sakrita still standing?
Kostadis Roussos: Damn! Alright, just, could we just make a note? She's like, minus 48 max.
Dimos: What do you mean?
Nicholas Roussos: And so she can't be… so if… you can't heal her past 92 minus 48.
Dimos: Okay, so we cannot go past half of your max HP.
Kostadis Roussos: No, every… the necrotic damage… Every… the monogrotic damage takes damage, and it reduces your max hit points.
Dimos: Oh, I didn't know that.
Dimos: Really?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: It's, yes, it's a very… some forms of necrotic damage.
Dimos: Oh, some forms, no, not every form of the crooked garments, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a special attack, I mean, it's a pretty standard special attack. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The, the creature, the creature is very pleased with itself.
Dimos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, hold on!
Kostadis Roussos: But the damage doesn't happen, because he had disadvantage, remember, because of the sap.
Dimos: Right.
Dimos: So you have to roll one… roll to see if the damage is going.
Kostadis Roussos: I rolled… I rolled twice. I rolled a 12.
Dimos: When did you roll twice?
Dimos: Oh, right.
Kostadis Roussos: When I rolled the attack, I rolled an 18, and it rolls with advance… it rolls 2 dice all the time.
Dimos: No, the attack was the previous attack, you roll a D20 plus 5, that was a 16.
Dimos: plus 5.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know No, no, no. Oh, right, right, right, right, right, you're right, you're right.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I would have missed.
Dimos: Okay, so it doesn't get any doubts, great.
Kostadis Roussos: you hear a poly… Kritha hears a polyphonic voice, he's going, I love you too!
Dimos: Okay, so, Bramgreen, huh. We rolled the attack for the number one.
Dimos: of the Speed Guardian.
Kostadis Roussos: I made a saving throw.
Dimos: Did… oh, come on, so 10 hit points?
Dimos: And… Actually, Browngraham is gonna disengage.
Dimos: Can he just do that?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, again, absolutely.
Dimos: Okay, yeah, so he's gonna disengage and… Move over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, so then that actually is on the other guy, so that guy takes 10 points of damage.
Dimos: And he's dead.
Kostadis Roussos: He dies.
Dimos: I thought when you disengage, you lose all those stuff, so okay, good to know.
Kostadis Roussos: What do you mean?
Dimos: I thought because I disengaged, the spell was going off.
Kostadis Roussos: So, disengage just is an action.
Dimos: Okay, so, yeah, so, brown bears go there, Diane.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so area of effect spells, any… spells that you currently have emanating don't get affected by disengage, it's just a… instead of an attack.
Dimos: Because I thought you… when you disengage, you might… might lose concentration, so, okay.
Dimos: Even better.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, disengage… if you have spells like that, Disengage is actually… if you have opponents that are… so, if you have opponents… so now I've been playing a lot more Tactical Dungeons & Dragons. If you have opponents, right, and you have a…
Kostadis Roussos: spiritual weapons, disengages spherical guardians, disengages, actually, you disengage and move around. Why? Because if you stay put, right?
Kostadis Roussos: The creature only takes damage if it stays within the 15 feet.
Dimos: Was it?
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Dimos: Okay, so.
Kostadis Roussos: Plus, here's another…
Dimos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: I'll also tell you something else that I learned.
Kostadis Roussos: Plus, 15 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? If they save their… blow their saving throw, right, they move at half speed.
Dimos: You're gonna get out of rains and back in the rain so you can hit more.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, they can't get into rage, so if they blow their saving throw, their speed is halved.
Dimos: Oh, right, and maybe they don't have enough speed to get close.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: Okay,
Dimos: That's interesting, that's a good thing to know, and also Bramgreen's gonna use as a bonus action, to dust and go…
Dimos: into the stairs.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, he… does he have a bon… does he… I don't think he has a bonus action to dash, does he?
Dimos: He doesn't? Ev doesn't…
Kostadis Roussos: No, that's only a rogue ability.
Dimos: Wait, oh, I thought everyone could dance.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, but it's an action, it's not a bonus action.
Dimos: Okay, so because he used his acronym as a disengagement, okay.
Dimos: That's fine.
Dimos: Diane will… Move away,
Dimos: Albert is gonna move away on the stairs with Xanor.
Dimos: I think everyone would just start leaving.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so are you guys gonna leave poor Bromgraham in the back?
Dimos: And yes, and number one is… speed is halved, if I remember correct. Oh, no, he made his saving throw, so he's not halved.
Dimos: So, but…
Kostadis Roussos: That would be…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, Brown Grimm, okay, so this guy, since he's entering the zone, has to make a saving throw again.
Dimos: Oh, no, you're below the…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, if you finish your round, then you have to…
Dimos: If you finish the round inside the double lane.
Dimos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So he, he blows, but he still blows… okay, so he moves in here.
Kostadis Roussos: Then he screeches at Bromgrim.
Kostadis Roussos: Your formation is sloppy, your discipline is weak, and they have left you to die! I shall discipline you as I do the dregs of the abyss. I shall enjoy feasting on you!
Dimos: We really didn't hear anything about that.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, he did, actually, and I got a critical.
Dimos: What do you mean, you got a critical?
Kostadis Roussos: They're ruled a critical to hit.
Nicholas Roussos: Damn.
Kostadis Roussos: That's 23 points of normal damage.
Kostadis Roussos: But the good news is… the good news is the poison damage is not considered critical damage.
Kostadis Roussos: So, 46… 46 points of damage total.
Dimos: weight,
Dimos: Oh, no, against pers- wait, I think, saving throw modifier, blah blah, because Bromware has, I think, a resistance to poisons, wait.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yes, he does.
Dimos: Okay, so long, please.
Kostadis Roussos: He takes 23… No, but it's not poison, it's necrotic damage. Is it… hold on, let me make sure. Is it poison or necrotic damage? No, it's necrotic damage, so it's not poison.
Dimos: Okay, so he gets the full 55 hit points, right?
Kostadis Roussos: 45, 45, 23 plus 22.
Dimos: 45, sorry, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you're dyslexia, my dyslexia, Nick's dyslexia, it's amazing we're able to play this game.
Dimos: Yeah, I think we are doing pretty good.
Nicholas Roussos: So.
Dimos: It's Brownview's turn, so we have to roll for… the…
Kostadis Roussos: Meanwhile, as you're, as you're leaving, all the remaining prisoners are saying, save us, save us, save us, save us!
Dimos: We cannot hear them.
Dimos: No, that's true, you can't… I just realized, you can't actually hear them. The only reason you could hear the demons is because they have telepathy.
Dimos: Okay, so I have to do a small break here, because
Dimos: Then that doesn't make sense what we did.
Kostadis Roussos: Why?
Dimos: How did we shout so Zamor can hear us, and how did we find him?
Kostadis Roussos: You shouted because you could speak. He made… he shook his cage.
Dimos: But how could he hear us because of the demons and the flapping?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, the demon flapping is only a 30-foot range.
Dimos: Okay, so there wasn't any… so he could hear us.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Dimos: Okay, good.
Dimos: Okay, so, let's see if he makes a saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: Boop.
Dimos: Number one, Brownwood is still down there.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: Are we retreating?
Kostadis Roussos: He made us…
Dimos: Okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he made a saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: 17, yeah, she made a saving throw.
Dimos: Program disengages and leaves.
Kostadis Roussos: We all living. Alright, so the creature sort of sits there, and I presume the rest of you are running up afterwards, right?
Dimos: Oh, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the creature, as it goes, looks around and says.
Kostadis Roussos: It shouts at you as you're running away.
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses and says.
Kostadis Roussos: I suppose… you… I suppose Marim will have to get a new partner to guard these prisoners. And it walks away.
Kostadis Roussos: As you look back, you see three hags march in, and they all mutter.
Kostadis Roussos: You can't get good hired help these days.
Dimos: It's unfortunate.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: You appear at… you once again appear inside of Marim's office.
Dimos: Why, we can't just leave?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Dimos: woo.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, there's only one way out.
Dimos: Okay, that's fine.
Dimos: Our business here is finished, let's just leave.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: No one.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Maram Ilvas.
Kostadis Roussos: I… I just… they didn't tell me which kind of Yugo off bastards.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, my internet just failed. Alright, so the Ugoloth Maram says.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you… so you brought… you… you managed to get the prisoner!
Dimos: Yeah, no sweat at all.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at the, wounds on, Akritas and, Bromgraim.
Kostadis Roussos: And it says, Hmm… Well, did you kill any of them?
Dimos: I think, yeah, you may need to find a new, guardian for down there.
Kostadis Roussos: But, that's perfectly fine. The hags can make another deal.
Dimos: Yeah, yeah. We left the other one just to show you have some protection.
Dimos: We didn't really need to kill it.
Dimos: But yeah, so we left it there just…
Dimos: to have some defenders, some guardians down there, we didn't want to left you without anything down there.
Kostadis Roussos: I see, I see. Well then, he turns… he then turns to Felcor and says, My dear Felcor!
Nicholas Roussos: Yes?
Kostadis Roussos: It's my understanding that, I have been looking for you for some time.
Nicholas Roussos: Why?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, do you remember that little thing that you were accused of stealing?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Then he kind of leans down towards you, goes, and it's okay.
Kostadis Roussos: It's our secret, you really did steal it, right?
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, no, of course I stole it.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, that's so good, because I thought I would… I thought the deal I had made would have been in vain!
Nicholas Roussos: Which deal?
Kostadis Roussos: I promised I would find you!
Nicholas Roussos: Hmm.
Nicholas Roussos: Interesting.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, yes. And the good news is… the good news is that the particular demon, the particular devil that wanted to purchase you said that all I had to do was tell him where you are.
Kostadis Roussos: Unless, unless, unless, unless, unless, unless, unless one little tiny little detail.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Would you be willing to do a deal? Would you be willing to make a small little exchange for me?
Nicholas Roussos: What exchange?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, if I'm not mistaken, you are what they call… an adventurer?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, it just so happens that where you're going, there happens to be a small little magical item of no material consequence that I would like.
Nicholas Roussos: What is it?
Kostadis Roussos: He describes it to you.
Nicholas Roussos: Do I recognize it, or…
Kostadis Roussos: Excuse me?
Kostadis Roussos: I haven't made up my mind what it is, but let's say you do.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses and goes, It's a… I… it's something that I owe for yet another demon that I made a deal with.
Nicholas Roussos: So, if I don't get it to you, what'll ha- what'll happen to you?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, nothing will happen to me.
Kostadis Roussos: I made sure my contract was carefully written in the correct way so that nothing would happen to me. My terms of the negotiation were, should I ever find someone whom I could… should anyone pass by that I thought was capable of receiving the item, would go get it.
Kostadis Roussos: There were also some clauses about making sure that the person was highly motivated, etc, etc, etc. Lots of boilerplate contract negotiations, you understand.
Dimos: What happens if we don't bring you that magical item?
Kostadis Roussos: For the rest of you, nothing at all. I can assure you this is a one-time deal with Mr. Felcourt.
Dimos: Okay, what happened to Felcor?
Kostadis Roussos: His location, his location gets revealed. After that, it's not my problem.
Dimos: But if we leave, if we say yes, then we leave.
Nicholas Roussos: Location revealed. Does that mean permanently, like, they always know where I am, or…
Dimos: Yeah, that's my question.
Kostadis Roussos: That's covered under the nondisclosure agreement that I wrote into the con… that was written into the contract to handle just such a question.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, yeah, show me said contract.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, that's other covered by the, non-disclosure agreement for the non-disclosure agreement, that I can't show you the contract.
Nicholas Roussos: Show me the non-disclosure group about the…
Dimos: I think that's a lot of BS.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: Best looks out of this episode.
Dimos: I think that's a lot of BS. I don't think you have a contract with a contract with a contract of non-disclosure agreements.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes.
Nicholas Roussos: You know, we… we know it's…
Kostadis Roussos: He pulls out, he pulls out, these are some old contracts I've written. He becomes offended, like, at this point in time, you've insulted a Yugolov. Like, this is what they do. They write contracts, right?
Dimos: But the non-disclosure.
Kostadis Roussos: So, Myron Bilbos sort of stands up in, like, this outrage sentence.
Kostadis Roussos: I am not just some random eugalov that managed to escape the blood war. I am Maramil Vos. I am famous for my contracts.
Nicholas Roussos: If you're escaping the blood war.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes! I escaped the blood war!
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses and says, although, simply speaking, I didn't escape the blood war, I just found a different way to participate in it, by providing an independent service for anyone who wishes contact deals.
Kostadis Roussos: Alcor, do we have a deal?
Nicholas Roussos: Hmm. But what will you use this magical item for?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh… let me, let me, give me a second.
Kostadis Roussos: What will I use this magical item for?
Kostadis Roussos: I hadn't thought about what I would use it for, but…
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses and says, what will I use it for? Well, I'm afraid that's information that only I need to have.
Dimos: Okay, so what are the terms of the… Dick.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, no, because you're actually in the contract now, but you won't just still screw me over.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, so you're basically saying, how do I know you won't screw me over, is that what I'm hearing?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you and says, Belko, my boy.
Kostadis Roussos: Why would I ever screw you over?
Nicholas Roussos: You're trying to leak my location to… The other artificial.
Kostadis Roussos: But actually, strictly speaking, the other artificers made me a deal…
Kostadis Roussos: told me about this information, and I told them I didn't know anything about it. But I happened to know the demon under whose possession the item had been stolen by those artificers, and I made a deal with that demon to give them your information.
Nicholas Roussos: Still, I wanna make a contract.
Kostadis Roussos: You want to make a contract. Everybody wants to make… everybody is a lawyer these days. So…
Kostadis Roussos: Paperwork gets magically created, like a pen, he does his thing, and like, all of a sudden, this is just standard boilerplate.
Kostadis Roussos: And you've got, like, a, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: A stack of paper, these businesses with, you know, lots of places to put your… to dot your name and signature.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, roll your… since you're negotiating with a Ugoloth, you can use your intelligence to try to get better terms.
Dimos: Question before you roll, come,
Dimos: let's say, Diane used his budding inspiration to give a plus D6 to
Dimos: So you have a plus 1D6.
Dimos: And that will be, a 6.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Nicholas Roussos: Nick, are you gonna negotiate?
Nicholas Roussos: Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: Here's the deal.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, let me…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so it's a, alright, so, B.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you're going to try to craft a clause so that it doesn't… the no betrayal clause, right?
Nicholas Roussos: Okay, roll of investigation… I just have a one more clause.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Nicholas Roussos: I would like to know the location and any defenses around said magical item.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. You want an additional clause, right?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, okay, so roll a DC11 intelligence check. 15, DC-15 intelligence check for your clause.
Nicholas Roussos: Technically, I still passed, even though I rolled a NAT1.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, I'll use rules as written here. Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: I still fast.
Nicholas Roussos: I have a bluff that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll…
Nicholas Roussos: I have a plus 15 right now.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright? The stipulations. Now roll for the stipulations.
Nicholas Roussos: Dc what?
Kostadis Roussos: 18.
Kostadis Roussos: The no betrayal clause.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright, I rolled the, 34.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright?
Kostadis Roussos: The contract is air claw, air claw, airtight.
Kostadis Roussos: The Yugoloth cannot… Maramil Boss cannot switch sides without suffering a cosmic curse or forfeiting its true name.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh. Right.
Dimos: Okay, so to get it correctly, so if he, let's say, we bring the item, he doesn't let us go, or leaks information about Felicor, he gets cursed.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, Roll, and now to… now you must seal the deal.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You want to seal it with a… do you want to use persuasion or intelligence?
Nicholas Roussos: Intelligence. Wait, do I want?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you suggest a magical binding ritual.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: 25?
Kostadis Roussos: Maramil Gaster goes, I am very imp- I am very impressed by your knowledge of binding law. Well done, well done.
Kostadis Roussos: You also get a bonus on saving throws against fear while under this contract.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, nice.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So you now have the… you now have the contract for the item. It's 1042, we've been at it for an hour and a half, so if we want to stop now, here's a good time.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, Vimos, if you're going to be going to the army, we have to finish this adventure sooner, so we're gonna have to plan some bigger blocks of time.
Dimos: Well, it's not set yet, but if it… if that's the case, I will let you know to start doing that, okay?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: Nice?
Kostadis Roussos: Plus, you know, you're gonna be in the Army, you're not gonna be out, you know, so whenever you have an idea, you just tell us and we'll make time.
Dimos: Yeah, yeah, we can do also that.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, it's not like… you're not… it's not like you're going off into, like… I mean, there's the first two months when you're doing your damn basic que pedasi, but after that, it's like, colobaramas colobaramas, colobarima.
Dimos: And if I have a desk job, yeah, it's gonna be even more.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so, I mean, if you don't have a jazz job, you should go to your brother and complain to him.
Nicholas Roussos: Hi, bud.
Nicholas Roussos: Almost… I…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: They forgot.
Dimos: I agree.
Kostadis Roussos: se hulles, okay.
Dimos: Eleconya?
Kostadis Roussos: Nico, can you hang up? I want to talk to Dimos for a minute.
Nicholas Roussos: Hmm?
Kostadis Roussos: up, I want to talk to Avimos for a minute.
Kostadis Roussos: Margarita.
Dimos: Goodness.
Kostadis Roussos: Recitiboda.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry.
Dimos: Ota? Otale estrikiti oto?
Kostadis Roussos: treksima ta polar.
Kostadis Roussos: A coma. Eme of liver up.
Dimos: Kipa, keep an extra reflection.
Kostadis Roussos: That's… okay.
Kostadis Roussos: kipikinuni.
Dimos: oblero.
Dimos: What do you echo.
Kostadis Roussos: kita.
Dimos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: problema.
Dimos: o tre eksomo.
Dimos: Ginicose.
Kostadis Roussos: met humanities notazas.
Kostadis Roussos: me a quino ni.
Dimos: Okay, no.
Kostadis Roussos: miallotis.
Dimos: elixin.
Kostadis Roussos: denies, Okay. I'll do this, okay?
Dimos: Man at Fiscal.
Dimos: I thought I can…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, ne.
Kostadis Roussos: Thank you, Jackie.